Mrs. Wang, how are you, Mrs. Bai?
Our official Weibo
Miss Bai's endorsement has just been announced
It was revealed that his work belonged to Concubine Park
Even the competition was disqualified
Now a lot of people are boycotting our piano platform
Things got to this place
You are so quiet
Not even a word?
Mrs. Wang, listen to me.
We signed the contract in black and white
There can be no negative news during the period
Otherwise, there will be ten times compensation.
Now as required
You have to pay me 50 million in ten days
Otherwise, we will go to court
Mrs Wang
What do you do?
Mrs. Wang asked us to pay him 50 million within ten days
Hello
Is that Mr. Bai Zhenghai?
I am the lawyer representing Miss Ouyan
Miss Bai stole Miss Ouyan's work
Take it to the competition without authorization
Serious infringement
You must stop the aggression
Remove impact
After a solemn apology
Additional compensation for the loss of Miss Ouyan
Compensation
How much? 10 million?
If it doesn't arrive within three days.
We will take Sister Bai to court
At the same time, announce this on the official account
Do we have something to discuss?
What's going on?
That damn girl Ouyang asked us to pay him 10 million
Why?